# Workplace_Manager_P1
Basic Features: ➔ Organizational login/signup ➔ Member login/signup ➔ Option to create different teams within an organization. The one who creates a team becomes an admin. ➔ Dashboard for individual teams (No separate dashboard for users). ➔ Members can request to join a team to be approved by the admin of the team. ➔ A member can be associated with at most one team. ➔ Every team will be having file storage. Option to upload files should be there. ➔ Option to create folders in that file system and group the files in the system. ➔ Option to download the file. ➔ Only members of the team can upload the files to their respective teams while members of other teams can only download it. ➔ Option to make files private within a team by the uploader. ➔ Option to leave a team and request into other teams. ➔ Option for a taskboard that has a to-do list and completed task options. ➔ Once the task is assigned to a member it can only be deleted by the user who has assigned it and by the user to which it is assigned. ➔ Users can put the task of to-do under the completed section. ➔ Team chat option. ➔ Option to chat with individual members. ➔ Option to publish news articles with a certain layout in a team. ➔ Adding an image to the news article. ➔ Other members can visit the team dashboard and see the news articles. ➔ News articles to have views and unique viewers. Advanced Features: ➔ Each user should have a calendar where he/she can add his appointments or meetings. ➔ Tasks to have a deadline and when the critical date approaches the user has to be notified through emails. ➔ Doc files uploaded to be editable online. ➔ Notification to the user who has uploaded the doc file through email when the file has been edited online. ➔ Reset password using email.
